# Hiking_Trails_Just_For_You
This is the project for OSU CS361 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING I 

The main purpose of this piece of software is to give the best choice and necessary information about hiking trails to the user specifically based on the physical fitness level of the user. Ideally, the software would help users to both enjoy their hike and also improve their fitness by going out to the trails that are doable but still challenging and fun! If any of you is familiar with the app called AllTrails, this will be similar but will definitely serve the user even better and more fun!
There are 5 main key features for this web appliction:
The first one is I would like the app to gather the basic information from the user such as age, gender, daily activity level, etc  depends on what you think would be a good factor to estimate their physical fitness level. Then, the gathered information will be used to estimate the user’s physical fitness level. You can design and define your own set of levels. I would say probably at least 3 or 4 levels.
The second feature, the app can retrieve all nearby hiking trails information such as name, distance, difficult level (easy, medium, hard), hiking time estimation, and trailhead location and display them as a list.
Next, I would like to have any kind of UI, that you will be the one who design, allows the user to interact to enable the “best choice” feature. This will filter the result with the user’s physical fitness level and show only the matched trails. Users can also choose how they want to feel during their hike; “easy and chill”, “best match my fitness level” or “challenge me more!” This will affect the search results based on what the user select.
I also wanted the app to guide me to the trailhead location by clicking the navigation button and bring me to Google Maps or any navigation providers. 
Last but not least, I would love to get well prepared for my hiking by seeing the recommendation on what gears and clothing I should bring and wear. The recommendation will base on the current season and the type of the selected trail. For example, if the trail has a lot of inclined elevation gain, a hiking pole may be useful.
